README.md, before:

Symfony JsonRequest Bundle
==========================

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality][scrutinizer-code-quality-image]][scrutinizer-code-quality-link]
[![Code Coverage][code-coverage-image]][code-coverage-link]
[![Total Downloads][downloads-image]][package-link]
[![Latest Stable Version][stable-image]][package-link]
[![License][license-image]][license-link]

Installation
------------

* Require the bundle with composer:

``` bash
composer req symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle
```

What is JsonRequest Bundle?
---------------------------
This bundle will help you to work with json requests as standard requests without using «crutches». If previously for
fetching of data from the request you did like this:
`$data = json_decode($request->getContent())`, it is now in this already there is no need to.

For example when sending json-request from AngularJS, Vue.js or etc. Early:

``` php
public function indexAction(Request $request)
{
    $data = json_decode($request->getContent(), true);

    // uses request data
    $name = isset($data['name']) ? $data['name'] : null;
}
```

Now you can work with json-request as with standard request:

``` php
public function indexAction(Request $request)
{
    $name = $request->get('name');
}
```

[package-link]: https://packagist.org/packages/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle
[license-link]: https://github.com/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/license
[stable-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/v/stable
[downloads-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/downloads
[code-coverage-link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/?branch=master
[code-coverage-image]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/badges/coverage.png?b=master
[scrutinizer-code-quality-link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/?branch=master
[scrutinizer-code-quality-image]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=master

Commit message:

Configurable json content types, added jsonld (application/ld+json) to defaults content types. (#12)

README.md, after:

Symfony JsonRequest Bundle
==========================

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality][scrutinizer-code-quality-image]][scrutinizer-code-quality-link]
[![Code Coverage][code-coverage-image]][code-coverage-link]
[![Total Downloads][downloads-image]][package-link]
[![Latest Stable Version][stable-image]][package-link]
[![License][license-image]][license-link]

Installation
------------

* Require the bundle with composer:

``` bash
composer req symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle
```

What is JsonRequest Bundle?
---------------------------
This bundle will help you to work with json requests as standard requests without using «crutches». If previously for
fetching of data from the request you did like this:
`$data = json_decode($request->getContent())`, it is now in this already there is no need to.

For example when sending json-request from AngularJS, Vue.js or etc. Early:

``` php
public function indexAction(Request $request)
{
    $data = json_decode($request->getContent(), true);

    // uses request data
    $name = isset($data['name']) ? $data['name'] : null;
}
```

Now you can work with json-request as with standard request:

``` php
public function indexAction(Request $request)
{
    $name = $request->get('name');
}
```

Per default request content will be transformed only for requests with content type `json` or `jsonld`.

but you can stil configure it with

``` yaml
# serices.yaml

json_request:
    content_types:
        - json
        - jsonld
        - someouthertype
```

[package-link]: https://packagist.org/packages/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle
[license-link]: https://github.com/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/license
[stable-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/v/stable
[downloads-image]: https://poser.pugx.org/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/downloads
[code-coverage-link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/?branch=master
[code-coverage-image]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/badges/coverage.png?b=master
[scrutinizer-code-quality-link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/?branch=master
[scrutinizer-code-quality-image]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/symfony-bundles/json-request-bundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
